what's up everyone is M bassoon your how
y'all doing this review phone company
called locks plates they were generous
enough to send us out to me for a few
purposes so you guys might be wondering
is a product i'm reviewing in this black
box right here no guys as you can see
it's on the back right here this is luxe
plates this is london by artist called
Richard coward and in this reviewing we
talking about pricing and then I'm going
to be talking about a few things are
like and something I didn't like as much
and also my rating on this process of
pretty high rating guys I give you a
little bit of a clue it starts with n I
and II so nine out of ten guys is a
pretty high rating in my standards so
yeah let's talk about a few things I
liked about it so it does attached to
the back of your device so as you can
see it's not like a sticking around or
anything just sticks straight to the
back of it so it's minimal design
doesn't obstruct a form factor so you're
going to actually put other cases on the
back of this if you wanted I tried it
once or twice and I wouldn't recommend
it because you're hiding up this product
that you just purchase and also because
it's a beautiful design you don't want
it a case to be there also so I do you
know what i would recommend i just put a
bumper if you don't know a bumper is it
just protects the front and back just
going around the sides it's pretty cool
if you haven't seen it before they do
sell it at the apple store like that
back down so it also does remove easily
funny residue this is from the web sites
out but actually did here review which
i'll be talking about after a review
that said sets otherwise actually so
pricing is twenty-six dollars and
ninety-five cents so you guys might be
thinking micros is a little bit too
expensive so it is a hundred percent
stainless steel so keep that in mind
when you're looking at these plates and
also wouldn't you rather have this piece
of artwork on the back your iphone
rather than a plastic vinyl scratch
protector you tell me guys so at the
moment luxe plates only has placed for
the iphone 4 and iphone 4s so
unfortunately for you blackberry users
or ipad users they don't have place for
you at the moment
but I'm sure to give them a couple years
this company looks after expanding
pretty fast so if you want any how to
apply it you just peel off it does come
with a piece of paper you peel it off
and place it right on just firmly press
and one thing that I actually really
liked about this case is that it lines
up with the camera hole in the flash
really nicely as you can see straight on
I got it right on so pretty cool there
nice put that back down okay so from a
review that I found online is a con I
haven't tried this but so just what I
heard so from a review that I found
online duh r if you're mentioned that
once you remove the place so you take it
off your iphone 4 iphone 4s the back of
a plate isn't very sticky and thus won't
stick to your iphone again so i don't
know if this is true or not this is just
from the reviewer and also the review
also mentioned got that he so stick to
the iphone 4 iphone 4s which could be a
problem actually but who knows that
company in the year that this review as
posted it was posted vacuum februari
that the company could have actually
changed up and made some changes with
adhesive so this would not happen so now
you show you the box that it comes in so
I some with its inside so blocks plates
crafted iphone cover places just their
logo them if you can see it's kind of
bright logo just shows you crafted
iphone cover plate on the back is
actually pretty cool it tells you the
device up their title london artist
richard covered the color is black or
silver inspected so each one's inspected
make sure it's up to i'm guessing the
company standards then it also tells you
it's included and also their address
emails website whatever luxe place all
columns for laundering so i show you
guys inside this quickly take that off
so this is where actually a plate was as
you can see you got pretty six silver
silver plate there's just saying the
company's name so i take this off on the
back of this you just got some like foam
and also on the other side right here
you also have the instructions on how to
put it on so I just quickly read it so
one take alcohol wipe there's alcohol
like that comes with it and clean the
back your device I did do that guys and
use a tissue a cloth to clean off any
remaining alcohol liquid on the back
your device so then peel off your use of
backing please take care to just peel
off backing not a thesis and make sure
if you're wondering about then apply to
your iPhone press firmly around the
edges in middle so that's what I did not
looks perfect so enjoy it just saying
thanks for purchasing it it looks like
that's right in handwriting and just
saying if you have any questions or
anything just send them an email it's
cracked in seattle washington USA so
let's put that back and guys we don't
really need to see that anymore you want
us move this to the side husband is this
idea so yeah guys if you're interested
in purchasing this awesome product you
can find the website in the description
down below box place calm and like i
said it is a 9 out 10 rating definitely
recommend this i would recommend this to
all my friends and family actually i'm
actually going pi say tell all my
friends about it tonight and evolve on
facebook do facebook tweet just talking
about this so anyways guys if you
enjoyed this review on the locks plates
london by richard coward feel free to
comment rate subscribe and go check them
out and their website so peace out guys
have a good night have a good weekend
have a good holiday peace